About OpenERP(ODOO)



I am going to brief you about Odoo (formally known as openERP)  and it is open-source ERP .
I have been working with this application it has good features and I am able to build my own module .
I am using scrappy or crawler concept to build new module with new feature like extracting product sale price from other e-commerce webites
which will help us to analyse average sale price 
This application has Sale,Product,Project,Purchase,Warehouse,Stock,HR ,Website etc modules.It’s coming with improvised versions like openERP7, 
Odoo 8, Odoo 9 ,now Odoo 10. 

About ODOO:

The core of OpenERP and its modules are written in Python.
The functionality of a module is exposed through XML-RPC .
Modules typically make use of OpenERP's ORM to persist their data in a relational database (PostgreSQL).
Modules can insert data in the database during installation by providing XML, CSV, or YML files.
It has commen ORM methods like search(),create(),write(),browse(),exists() etc
OpenERP follows the MVC semantic with-model : The PostgreSQL tables.view : views are defined in XML files in OpenERP.controller : The objects of OpenERP.
Odoo has two editions Community Edition and Enterprice Edition 
Community Edition will be open-sourced 
Enterprice Edition will never be open-sourced and the code will only be available to official Odoo partners and Odoo itselfs. 

Like :

Odoo offers plethora of functionalities and over  1000 modules which can be implemented to meet your business requirements.
This platform is highly modular.You can get Odoo with just few basic modules and can add the  rest later as you need.
Odoo intigration is easy to configure and it can easily be integrated with other ERPs only to improve their efficiency.
This  platform offers high flexibility and so can easily be customized to fullfill the business requirements.

Dislike:

Customization of OpenERP as compare to out of the box implementation can cost your higher.
Upgrading to newer version is another problem with customized OpenERP until you are covered under OpenERP warranty.
Customization of OpenERP can take more time and resources


